1. TensorF low Operations and Computation Graph are not run in the Session  
a. True  
b. False  
 
2. What are the categories of artificial intelligence?  
a. Action  
b. Perception  
c. Cognition  
d. None of the above  
 
3. Traffic agent can a chieve ______ hour full time/global traffic awareness?  
a. 7X24  
b. 5X24  
c. 5X12  
d. 7X12  
 
4. The pe rceptron can be displayed in space as __________.  
a. line  
b. flat 
c. hyperplane  
d. point  
 
5. In Random Forest algorithm, what st rategy is used to determine the outcome of  the 
ensemble model?  
a. Cumulative system  
b. Find the average  
c. Voting system  
d. Find the max  
 
6. What are the scenarios or ind ustries for which Python is suit able?  
a. Artificial Intelligence  
b. Web development  
c. Game development  
d. Hardware Development  
 
7. In a Convolutional Neura l Network, different layers have different functions. Which of the 
following layers can play the role of dimens ionality reduction?  
a. Input Layer  
b. Fully Connected Layer  
c. Convolutional Layer  
d. Pooling Layer  
 
8.  Vector is a number.  
a. True  
b. False  
 
 
9. Which of the following  tensor creation method is not supported in TensorFlow2.0?  
a. zeros  
b. fill 
c. create  
d. constant  
 
10. What is AI stands for?  
a. Automatic Intelligence  
b. Artificial Intelli gence  
c. Automatic Information  
d. Artificial Information  
 
11. Wh ich of the following are TensorF low  application scenarios?  
a. Speech Recognition  
b. Face Recog nition  
c. Image Style Changes  
d. Autopilot  
 
12. In neural networks, which of the following methods is used to update the parameters when 
training the network to minimize the loss function?  
a. Forward propagation algorithm  
b. Pooling calculation  
c. Convolution calculation  
d. Backpropagation algorithm  
 
 
13. On the premise of ensuring data privacy and security, federated learning utilizes  
different data sources to cooperatively train models to improve breakthroughs in data 
bott lenecks.  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
 
14. What are the implementation modes of TensorF low? (Multiple Choice)  
a. Stand -alone mode  
b. Distributed mode  
c.  Reverse mode  
d. Forward mode  
 
15. By the end of the year 2019, the released TensorFlow versions are?  
a. 1 
b. 3 
c. 2 
d. 0.1  
 
16. In TensorFlow  2.0, the way to view tensor dimensions is?  
a. dimens  
b. dtype  
c. ndim  
d. device  
 
17. Which module of HUAWEI HiAI is supported by Huawei’s chip?  
a. HiAI Engine  
b. HiAI Foundation  
c. HiAI Framework  
d. HiAI Service  
 
18. All of the existing versions of PyTorch  support Python 2 and Python 3.  
a. True  
b. False  
 
19. It is known that the total parameter of a certain layer of the fully connected neural network 
is 330 . The number of neurons in the previous layer and this layer may  be?  
a. 32 with 10  
b. 10 with 33  
c. 33 with 10  
d. 9 with 33  
 
20. What model is not a cyclic neural network?  
a. RNN  
b. LSTM  
c. GBOT  
d. GRU  
 
21. The current technology application directions of artificial intelligence mainly include  
a. Natural language processing  
b. Control System  
c. Computer vision  
d. Speech Recognition  
 
22. Which of the following are the characteristics of TensorFlow? (Multiple choice)  
a. Open source  
b. Convenience  
c. Mature  
d. Flexible  
 
23. Which of the following description of the number of rows and columns of the matrix is 
correct?  
a. The number of rows is grea ter than the number of columns  
b. The number of rows is equal to the number of columns  
c. The number of rows is less than the number of columns  
d. The number of rows has no relationship with the number of columns.  
 
 
24. Feedforward neural network is a simple neural ne twork, each neuron is arranged 
hierarchically, it is currently one of the most widely used and fastest growing artificial 
neural networks. Which of the following statement about feedforward neural networks is 
correct:  
 a.  Neurons with computing power are connected to the upper and lower layers  
 b.  Its input node has computing power  
 c.  Neurons in the same layer are connected  
d. Information only along -pass through    
 
25. To v iew Atlas300 (3000) , which command should be used if the accelerator card driver is 
installed successfully?  
a. npu -sim info  
b. npu info  
c. atlas -driver info  
d. atlas info  
 
26. MindSpore is bridging the huge gap between industry research of AI technology and 
application scenarios in the following ways except:  
a. New ways of collaboration  
b. New programming language  
c. New programming paradigm  
d. New execution mode  
 
27. X. Y are random variables.  C is a constant. W hich of the following description s about the 
nature of the mathematical expectation is incorrect?  
a. E(C)  = CA. E(C) = C  
b. B. E(X+Y) = E(X)+E (Y) 
c.  C. E(CX) = CE(X)  
d. D. E(XY) = E(X)E(Y)  
 
28. Which of the following schools does the neural network study belong to?  
a. Symbolism  
b. Connectionism  
c. Behaviourism  
d. None of the above  
 
29. Artificial intelligence is the research and development of theories, methods and application 
systems used to simulate, extend and expand human intelligence of a new technological 
science.  
a. TRUE  
b.  FALSE  
 
30. Which method is not supported in TensorFlow  to define variables?  
a. Random number  
b. Constant  
c. Calculated from the initial values of other variables  
d. Null  
 
31. Which of the following logical architecture s of the processor  is not included in deflated AI?   
a. DVPP  
b. GPU  
c. AI Calculation engine  
d. Chip system control CPU  
 
32. There are many commercial applications for machine learning services. What are the main 
business scenarios covered? (Multiple Choice)  
a.  Financial  product recommendation  
b.  Predictive maintenance  
c.  Telecom customer retention  
d.  Retailer grouping  
 
33. In the process of training the neural network, we use the gradient descent method to 
continuously update which value, which makes the loss Function minimization?  
a. Number of samples  
b. Eigenvalues  
c. Hyperparameter  
d. Parameter  
 
34. In the process of deep learning mode l training, what are the common optimizers?  
a. Adam  
b. Adagrad  
c. SGD  
d. Momentum  
 
35. Python tuples are identified by "()'' and internal elements are separated by ":".  
a. True  
b. False  
 
36. Matrix A and matrix B can be added  only when they have the same number of rows and 
columns .  
a. True  
b.  False  
 
37. Which of the following can improve the computational efficiency of the neural network 
model? ( Multiple  choice)  
a. TPU  
b. GPU  
c. FPGA  
d. Large -scale distributed cluster  
 
38. "print" in Python 3 must  be used with "()" . 
a. True  
b. False  
 
 
39. What are the mainstream deep learning open source tools? (Multiple choice)  
a. TensorFlow  
b. Caffe  
c. Torch  
d.  Theano  
e.  Scikit..Jeam  
 
40. TensorFlow It is one of the most popular deep learning frameworks.  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
 
41. Which of the following is the computing model of TensorFlow?  
a. Calculation chart  
b. Tensor  
c.  Conversation  
d.  Variable  
 
42. In neural networks, weights are often shared. Which of the following neural networks will 
share weights?  
a. Sensor  
b. Convolutional Neural Network  
c. Fully connected neural network  
d. Recurrent neural network  
 
43. Deep learning makes it easy to derive simple mathematical functions from a large amount 
of high -dimensional data to describe complex decision interfaces.  
a. True  
b.  False  
 
44. Traditional machine learning and deep learning are the core technologies of artificial 
intelligence. There is a slight difference in the engineering process. Which of the following 
steps can be done automatically in deep learning?  
a.  Model evaluation  
b. Feature engineering  
c. Data cleaning  
d. Model building  
 
 
45. The Python dictionary is identified by "{}", and the internal data consists of the key and its 
corresponding value.  
a. True  
b.  False  
 
46. Convolutional neural networks are more suitable for image recognition  problems than cyclic 
neural networks.  
a. True  
b. False  
 
47. Where is the main foothold of symbolism?  
a. The foothold is in neuron networks and deep learning.  
b. The foothold is reasoning, symbolic reasoning and machine reasoning.  
c. The foothold is perception and action.  
d. The foothold is behaviour  control, adaptive and evolutionary computing.  
 
48. When training the network, we often encounter many problems. For the problem of 
gradient vanishing , we can alleviate the problem by choosing which of the following 
activation functions?  
a. Softsign function  
b. Relu function   
c. tanh function  
d. Sigmoid function  
 
 
49. During application development, which of the following operations is not a typical network 
definition?  
a. Network definition  
b. Network execution  
c. Knowledge distillation  
d. Weight initialization  
 
 
50. Which of the following description of the validation set is wrong?  
a.  The verification set can coincide with the test set.  
b.  The test set can coincide with the training set  
c.  The subset used to pick hyperparame ters is called a validation set  
d.  Typically 80% of the training data is used for training and 20% is used for verification.  
 
51. Which of the following functions can numerically stabilize overflow and underflow?  
a. Softminus function  
b. Softplus function  
c. Softmax  function  
d. Softmin func tion  
 
52. The loss function of logistic regression is the cross -entropy loss function.  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
 
53. What are the common clustering algorithms?  
a. Density clustering  
b. Hierarchical clustering  
c. Spectral clustering  
d. Kmeans  
 
54. Python script executi on mode includes interactive mode and script mode  
a. True  
b. False  
 
55. The loss function reflects the error between the target output and actual output of the 
neural network. The commonly used loss function in deep learning is:  
a.  Exponential loss function  
b.  Mean square loss function  
c.  Log loss function  
d.  Hinge Loss function  
 
56. The model composed of machine learning algorithms cannot represent the true data 
distribution function on a theoretical level. Just approach it.  
a. TRUE  
b.  FALSE  
 
57. What models  support H UAWEI HiAI ?  
a. P30  
b. Mate 20  
c.  glory V20  
d. iPhone10  
 
58. The meaning of artificial intelligence was first proposed by a scientist in 1950, and at the 
same time a test model of machine intelligence was proposed . Who is this scientist?  
a.Minsky  
b. Zade  
c. Turing  
d. Von Neumann  
 
59. Which of the following services belong to Huawei EI Service family?  
a. Dialogue robot  
b. EI Basic services  
c. Natural language processing  
d. EI Big data service  
 
60. Which of the following descriptions of the deep  feedforward network is correct?  
a. Deep feedforward network is a kind of neural network.  
b. The deep feedforward network has only one hidden layer.  
c. The unit s on the hidden layer of the deep feedforward network are  countless.  
d. Deep feedforward network is used to deal with linear problems.  
 
61. What statement is incorrect  about the  relationship between neural networks and deep 
learning?  
a.  The concept of deep learning sterns from the study or artificial neural networks.  
b.  A neural network algorithm with multiple hidde n layers is a deep learning algorithm  
c.  Single layer neural networks are also a type of deep learning  
d. Convolutional neural networks are a type of deep learning.  
 
62. What is the performance of artificial intelligence in the stage of perceptual intelligence?  
a. Machines begin to understand, think and make decisions like humans  
b. Machines begin to calculate and transmit information just like humans  
c. The machine starts to understand and understand, make judgments, and take some 
simple actions  
 
63. In which year was the first introduction of "artificial intelligence"?  
a. 1946  
b. 1960  
c. 1916  
d. 1956  
 
64. Which of the following is true about unsupervised learning?  
a.  Unsupervised algorithm only processes "features" and does not process “tags”  
b.  Dimensionality reduction algorithm is not unsupervised learning  
c.   K-means algorithm and SVM algorithm belong lo unsupervised learning  
d.   None of the above  
 
65. Which of the following characteristics belong  to TensorFlow2. 0? 
a. Introduce Keras interface  
b. Support static image mechanism  
c. Support more platforms and more languages  
d. Continue to be compatible Tensorflowl.x Related modules  
 
66. The training error will continue to decrease as the model complexity increases.  
a. TRUE  
b.  FALSE  
 
67. What are the advantages  of HiAI mobile computing platforms?  
a. Quick source code  
b. Diverse tool chain  
c. Complete documentation  
d. plentiful API  
 
68. Which of the following statement about the matrix is incorrect?  
a. The arbitrary matrix is multiplied by the unit matrix and will not change.  
b. The transpose of the symmetric matrix A is also A itself.  
c. The transpose of the orthogonal matrix A is equal to the inverse of A .  
d. There is no inverse matrix for the diago nal matrix.  
 
69. In the environment preparation for invoking HUAWEI CLOUD services, which of the 
following does not require confirmation of installation?  
a. requests  
b.setuptools  
c. websocket -client  
d. Jieba  
 
70. In the classic convolutional neural network model,  what layer does the Softmax function 
follow?  
a. Convolutional layer  
b. Pooling layer  
c. Fully connected layer  
d. All of the above  
 
71. The combination of ModelArts services  and ________  can easily deploy the model to 
"end"?  
a. OBS  
b. OCR  
c. ECS  
d. HiLens  
 
72. With a lot of sales data but no labels,  the  compan y want s to identify VIP customer,  which of 
the following model s is suitable?  
a. Logistic regression  
b. SVM  
c. K-Means  
d. Hierarchical clustering  
 
73. The Naive Bayes algorithm does not require independent and identical distribution of 
sample features.  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
 
74. Which of the following statements about supervised learning is correct?  
a. Decision tree is a supervised learning  
b. Supervised learning cannot use cross -validation for training  
c. Supervised learning is a rule -based algorithm  
d. Supervised learning can be trained without labels  
 
75. The commonly used functions for mathematical operati ons in Python are basically in t he 
math module and the cmath module.  
a. True  
b. False  
 
76. The constituent elements of the Python identifier include: numbers, letters, and 
underscores.  
a. True  
b. False  
 
77. Jobs that are repetitive and require weak social skills are the easiest to be replaced by AI. 
a. TRUE  
b.  FALSE  
 
78. What are the commonly used loss fu nctions? (Multiple choice)  
a. Mean variance  
b. Sigmoid cross entropy  
c. Soft max cross entropy  
d. Sparse cross entropy  
e. Weighted Sigmoid Cross Entropy  
 
79. If the deep learning neural network has the problem of gradient vanishing  or gradient 
explosion, our common solution s are  
a. Gradient shear  
b. Random under sampling   
c. use Relu Activation function  
d. Regularization  
 
80. In deep learning tasks, when encountering data imbalance problems, which of the following 
methods can we use to solve the pro blem?  
a.  batch deletion  
b.  Random oversampling  
c.  Synthetic sampling  
d.  Random undersampling  
 
81. In deep learning, if the neural network has a large number of layers, the problem of 
gradient disappearance is more likely to occur. Strictly speaking, in which of the following 
links does the sample disappearance problem occur?  
a. Backpropagation update parameters   
b. Forward the dream and update  
c. Backpropagation calculation result  
d. Forward calculation results  
 
82. The number or matrix is stored in the tensor  
a. True  
b. False  
 
83. For b agging in ensemble  learning, the relationship between each base learner is?  
a. Additive relationship  
b .   No relationship   
c. The latter model must be built on top of the previous model  
d.  Independent  
 
84. Generating a confrontation network  (GAN)  is like a game system. The generator generates 
fake samples, and the discriminator judges whether it is true or false. Our ideal result is?  
a. The generator produces roughly the same samples  
b. The discrimi nator efficiently distinguishes the true and false samples generated by the 
generator  
c. The discriminator cannot distinguish the true and false samples generated by the 
generator  
d. The generator produces different samples  
 
85. What quotation marks can the Python language use? (Multiple Choice)  
a. Single quotes  
b. Double quotes  
c. Three quotes  
d. Four quotes  
 
86. How does MindSpore handle  the challenge of achieving efficient distributed training for 
ultra -large -scale models  
a .Automatic parallel  
b. Serial  
c. Manual parallel  
 
87. Reducing the gap between the training error and the test error will result in over -fitting 
How to prevent over -fitting? (Multiple Choice)  
a. Cross validation  
b. Integration method  
c. Increase regularization  
d. Feature Engineering  
 
88. Whic h of the following are the characteristics of the Python language? (Multiple choice)  
a. Explanatory   
b. Process oriented  
c .Object -oriented  
e. Dynamic data type  
 
89. Which of the following functions is not supported by PyTorch?  
a. Inline keras  
b. Support dynamic gra ph  
c. Automatic derivative  
d. GPU accelerate  
 
90. The optimizer is an important part of training neural networks. Which of the following is not 
the  purpose of using the optimiser ? 
a. Speed up algorithm convergence  
b.  Reduce the difficulty of manual parameter setting  
c. Avoid overfitting  
d. Avoid local extremes  
 
91. What are the service categories included in Huawei Cloud El Enterprise Intelligence? 
(Multiple Choice)  
a. El visual cognition  
b. El online games  
c. El speech semantics  
d. El industry scene  
 
92. Computer vision is the study of how to make computers "see".  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
 
93. Which of the following description s of the normal distribution  is wrong ? 
a.  In natural phenomena and social phenomena, many random variables obey or 
approximate a normal distribution.   
b. The normal distribution lakes the maximum value at the mean  
c. The larger the standard deviation the steeper the normal distribution  curve  
d. The larger the standard deviation, the slower the normal distribution curve.  
 
94. Which of the following descriptions a bout Python tuple  is correct? (Multiple choice)  
a. The difference between a list and a tuple is that the elements of the tuple cannot be   
duplicate.  
b. The list uses square brackets and the tuple uses parentheses  
c. Tuple creation is very simple, just add element s in parentheses and separate them 
with commas  
d. When a tuple contains only one element, you need to add a comma after the 
element  
 
95. The data type used in TensorFlow is?  
a. Scalar  
b. Vector  
c. Tensor  
d. Matrix  
 
 
 
96. There are many types of neural networks in deep learni ng. The following neural network  
information is one -way propagation:  
a. LSTM  
b. Convolutional Neural Network  
c. Recurrent neural network  
d. GRU  
 
97. Which of the following is not included in keras.metrics of TensorFlow 2.0 ?  
a. Accuracy  
b. Recall  
c. Sum  
d.  Mean  
 
98. The built -in optimizer s in the keras module of TensorFlow include : 
a. Adam  
b.  SGD  
c.  Adaboost  
d. Adadelta  
 
99. The  full scenarios  of Huawei AI include public cloud, private c loud, various edge computing, 
IoT industry terminals, and consumer terminals and other end, edge, and cloud  deployment 
environments.  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
 
100.  Voice recognition refers to the recognition of audio data as text data.  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
 
101.  The correlation coefficient. also known as the linear correlation coefficient, is used 
to measure the linear relationship between two variables, which is a real number greater 
than zero  
a. True  
b. False  
 
102.  In polynomial regression, there is a square term in the formula of  the model, so it is 
not linear .  
a. TRUE  
b.  FALSE  
 
103.  The test error will keep getting smaller as the complexity of the m odel increases.  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
 
104.  GAN is a deep learning model and one of the most promising methods for 
unsupervised learning in complex situation in recent years.  
a. True  
b. False  
 
105.  The number of rows and columns of the three matrices A , B and C is 3 rows X 2 
colu mns, 2 rows X3 columns  and 3 rows X 3 columns  respectively . Which of the following 
operations is meaningful?  
a. AC  
b. BC  
c. A+B  
d. AB-BC 
 
106.  Which of the following about the gradient descent is incorrect?  
a. Random gradient descent is a commonly used one in gradient descent.  
b. Gradient descent includes random gradient descent and batch gradient descent.  
c. The gradient descent algorithm i s fast and reliable  
d. Random gradient descent is one of the commonly used optimization algorithms in deep 
learning algorithms.  
 
107.  What are the commonly used activation functions? (Multiple Choice)  
a. sigmoid  
b. tanh  
c. relu  
d. danish  
 
108.  Python is a fully object -oriented language. Which of the following options belong to 
the Python object? (Multiple Choice)  
a. Function  
b. Module  
c. Number  
d. Character string  
 
109.  The label predicted by the regression algorithm is?  
a. Self -deformation  
b. Discrete  
c. Strain type  
d. Continuous  
 
110.  What operating systems support Python? (Multiple Choice)  
a.  DOS  
b. Linux  
c. Mac OS  
d. Windows  
 
111.  The face detection service will report an error when there is no face in the test 
image.  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
 
112.  HUAWEI HiAI Engine c an easily integrate  multiple AI abilit ies and App s together .  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
 
113.  Which of the following does not belong to automatic hyperparameter optimization 
algorithm?  
a. Grid search  
b. Random gradient descent  
c. Random search  
d. Model -based hyper parameter optimization  
 
114.  After the data has completed the feature engineering operation, in the process of 
constructing the model, which of the following options is not a step in the decision tree 
construction process?  
a. Pruning  
b. Feature selection  
c. Data cleaning  
d. Decision tree gene ration  
 
115.  What factor  dose not  promote the development of artificial intelligence ? 
a. Big data  
b. Computing ability  
c. Algorithm theory  
d. Block chain  
 
116.  The following are the descriptio n of the distribution function, distribution law  and 
density function of  random variables. Which of the following is incorrect?  
a. Distribution law can only describe the value rule of discrete random variables  
b. The density function can only describe the value rule of continuous random variables  
c. Discrete random variables have no distribution function   
d. Distribution function describes the value rule of random variables  
 
117.  In machine learning, what  is the  input that the model needs to train itself and 
predict the unknown?  
a. Manual procedure  
b. Neural Networks  
c. Training algorithm  
d. historical data  
 
118.  The pooling layer in the convolutional neural network can reduce the dimension  of 
the lower layer input. Common ly used  pooling layers are :  
a. Minimum strata  
b. Product pooling layer  
c. Maximum pooling layer  
d. Average pooling l ayer  
 
119.  What are  the Python language design philosophy? (Multiple Choice)  
a. Beautiful  
b. Expensive  
c. Explicit  
d. Simple  
 
120.  Which of the followings are not belong to supervised learning  category ? 
a. Logistic regression  
b. Support vector machine  
c. Decision tree  
d. Principal component analysis  
 
121.  In the binary  classification process, we can set any category as a positive example.  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
 
122.  Which of the following does not belong to long -term memory LSTM (long Short  
Term Memory) network architecture?  
a. Memory door  
b. Forget door  
c. Input door  
d. Output door  
 
123.  In May 1997, in the famous "Human -Machine Wars" final , computer defeated 
Kasparov, the world chess king, with a total score of 3.5 to 2 5. What is this computer 
called?  
a. Dark blue  
b. Dark green  
c. Ponder  
d. Blue sky  
 
124.  The continue statement in the Python language is used to jump out of th e current  
loop and then continue to execute the next loop .  
a. True  
b. False  
 
125.  Huawei Cloud El builds enterprise intelligence services based on three -tier services. 
Which of the  following options does not belong to Layer 3 services?  
a. Basic platform services  
b. General domain services  
c. Industry sector services  
d. Integration services  
 
126.  Which of the following options is not central to linear algebra?  
a. Probability theory  
b. Linear transformation  
c. Matrix theory  
d. Vector space  
 
127.  In supervised learning," Those who are near red  are red and those who are near 
black  are black"  is used to describe which of the following models?  
a. K-Means  
b. SVM  
c. KNN  
d. Neural Networks  
 
128.  There are a lot of data gener ated during the training of the neural network. What 
mechanism does TensorFlow use to avoid excessive input data?  
a. Client  
b. feed  
c. placeholder  
d. fetch  
 
129.  Which of the following methods in TensorFlow 2.0 can be used for tensor merging ?  
a.  join  
b. concat  
c. split  
d. unstack  
 
130.  Which of the following options belong to Tensorflow concept? (Multiple Choice)  
a.  Tensor  
b.  Variables  
c.  Placeholder  
d. Operation  
e. Conversation  
 
131.  Python authors deliberately design very restrictive grammars that make bad 
programming habits (such as the next line of if statement not indented to the right) not  be 
compiled . 
a. True  
b. False  
 
132.  Which of the following description s about the  number of rows and columns of a 
determinant is correct?  
a. The number of rows is greater than the number of columns  
b. The number of rows is equal lo the number of columns  
c. The number of rows is less than the number of columns  
d. The number of rows has no relationship with the number of columns  
 
133.  “From the label led historical data, we can predict that the retail sales of the next 
quarter will be 20 -30 thousands or 30-40 thousand s". What is the problem type?  
a.  Regression problem  
b.  Rule problem  
c.  Classification problem  
d.  Clustering problem  
 
134.  HUAWEI CLOUD ModelArts  is a one -stop development platform f or AI . Which of the 
following functions can Mode lArts support ? 
a. Data governance  
b. AI market  
c. Visual workflow  
d. Automatic learning  
 
135.  The main application of the Atlas 200 DK Yiteng 310 chip is?  
a.  Model reasoning  
b.  Build model  
c. Training model  
 
 
136.  What are the advantages of Python? (Multiple choice)  
a. Simple  
b.  Free  
c.  High -level language  
d.  Rich library  
 
137.  Accor ding to its development process, what are the three generation of robot ? 
a. Teaching Reproduction Robot  
b.  Robot with sensation  
c. Robots that will think  
d. Intelligent robot  
 
138.  For a matrix as shown in the figure below, what is the value of the determinant A?  
                
                           A=[123
456
789] 
 
  a. 24 
               b. 18  
c. -24  
d. 0 
 
 
139.  Which of the following descriptions about Python program are correct? (Multiple 
choice)  
a. The program consists of modules  
b.  Module contains statements  
c.  Statement contains an expression  
d.  Expressions create and process objects  
 
140.  Which of the fo llowing is not MindSpore common Operation?  
a.  signal  
b. math  
c. nn  
d. array  
 
141.  TensorFlow is Google's first generation of proprietary machine learning systems  
a. True  
b. False  
 
142.  What are the core concepts in TensorFlow? (Multiple Choice)  
a. Gridding  
b. Calculation Chart  
c. Dot Product  
d. Tensor  
 
143.  According to the American Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE) , which of the 
following levels is t he automatic driving divided?  
a. L1~L4  
b. L1~L5  
c. L0~L4  
d. L0~L5  
 
144.  The main computing resources included in the Da Vinci architecture computing unit 
are?  
a. Vector calculation unit  
b. Scalar Computing Unit  
c. Tensor computing unit  
d. Matrix calculation unit  
 
145.  Which of the following is not a way for the TensorFlow program to read data?  
a. Preload data  
b.  Feeding data  
c.  Read from the file  
d. Write a file format reader  
 
146.  Which of the following statements about universal form recognition services are 
correct?  
a. rows represents the line information of a text block  
b. colum ns represents the co lumn information of a text block  
c. The incoming image data needs to go through base64 coding  
d. words represent  text block recognition result  
 
147.  Tensor is the data storage component of MindSpore .  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
 
148.  Training error will reduce the accuracy of the model and produce under -fitting. How 
to improve the model fit? (Multiple choice)  
a. Increase the amount of data  
b. Feature Engineering  
c. Reduce regularization parameters  
d. Add features  
 
149.  Which of the following compan ies first developed Tensor Flow ?  
a. Oracle  
b. Facebook  
c. Nvidia  
d. Google  
 
150.  What is the role of keras.preprocessing in TensorFlow2.0 ? 
a.  Data processing tools  
b.  Built -in optimizer  
c. Model deployment tool  
d. Generative model tool  
 
151.  Deep learning is a branch of machine le arning  
a. True  
b. False  
 
152.  Which of t he following description s of machine learning is correct?  
a.  Deep learning is a branch of machine learning  
b.  Deep learning and machine learning are mutually inclusive  
c.  Deep learning and machine learning are both artificial intelligence but have no  
relationship to each other  
d.  None of the above  
 
153.  It is fine to pass in only one image when calling the face comparison service.  
a.  TRUE  
b.  FALSE  
 
154.  L1 and  L2 Regularization are the  method s commonly used in traditional machine 
learning to reduce generalization errors. Which of the following descriptions are correct?  
a.  L1 Regularization can do feature selection  
b. L1 and  L2 Regularization can be used for feature selection  
c. L2 Regularizati on can do feature selection  
d. L1 and L2 Regularization cannot be used for feature selection  
 
155.  In the face search service, if we want to delete a certain face set, we can use this 
code: firs_cliet.get_v2().get_face_set_service().delete_face_set("**"), where  "**" is to fill in 
the actual face set name.  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
c.  
 
156.  The word recognition in the speech recognition service refers to the synchronous 
recognition of short speech. Upload the entire audio at once, and the recognition result will 
be returned in the response.  
a. True  
b. False  
 
157.  Which of the following neural network structures will share weights? (Multiple 
choice)  
a. Convolutional neural network  
b. Recurrent neural network  
c. Fully connected neural network  
d. All of the above  
 
158.  There are many types of agents according to different industrie s and application 
scenarios. Currently, Huawei Cloud EI  has  : 
a. Industrial Agent  
b. Traffic Agent  
c. Park Agent  
d. Car intelligence  
 
159.  How many spaces does PEP 8 stipulate that Python's first fine indentation needs to 
indent?  
a. 1 
b. 2  
c. 4  
d. 8 
 
160.  In what year did Huawei officially provide services in the form of cloud services, and 
combined with more partners to provide richer artificial intelligence practices?  
a. 2002  
b. 2013  
c. 2015  
d. 2017  
 
161.  Input a 32*32 Image  into a CNN with a convolution kernel of size  5*5, after 
convolution calculation, the size of the output image is:   
a. 28*23  
b. 28*28  
c. 29*29  
d. 23*23  
 
162.  Which of the following options is not the - session mode used by Tensorflow?  
a.  Explicitly call the session to generate function  
b.  Explicitly call the session to close function  
c. Through the Python context manager  
d. Multiple POST queries  
 
163.  Which of the following is the function of HUAWEI HiAI Foundation module?  
a. App integrated  
b. Let the service actively find users  
c. Quickly convert and migrate existing models  
d. According to user needs, push services at the right time and at the right time  
 
164.  Which of the following are the activation functions of deep learning algorithms?  
a. Sigmoid  
b. ReLU  
c. Tanh  
d. Sin  
 
165.  Which of the following s tatements about Python are correct? (Multiple choice)  
a. Invented in 1989 by the Dutch Guido van Rossum, the first public release was issued 
in 1991.  
b.  Python is purely free software and the source code follows the GPL (GNU General 
Public License) protocol  
c. Python syntax is simple and clean. One of the features is to force blank characters to 
be used as statement indentation  
d.  Python is often nicknamed glue language which can easily connect various modules 
made in other languages  
 
166.  In the Code model.fit(mnist.t rain.inmage,mnist.train.labels.epochs=5) , what does 
the epochs parameter mean ?  
a. The entire training set will be trained 5 times  
b. The entire test set will be tested 5 times  
c.  The entire training set will be divided into 6 share s 
d.  The entire training set will be divided into 5 share s 
 
167.  Which of the following are solutions for the Huawei Cloud El industry scenario? 
(Multiple Choice)  
a. Intelligent Logistics  
b. Intelligent Water  
c.  Intelligent transportation  
d. Intelligent Finance  
e. Intelligen t manufacturing   
 
168.  When the voice recognition service is successfully called, which field is the 
recognition result stored in?  
a. result  
b. content  
c. data  
d. text  
 
169.  What are the commonly used kernel functions in  SVM ?  
a. Gaussian kernel function  
b. Polynomial kernel func tion  
c. Sigmiod Kernel function  
d. Linear kernel  
 
170.  K Folding cross -validation refers to dividing the test data set into K sub-data sets.  
a.  TRUE  
b.  FALSE  
 
171.  The Python dictionar y is widely identified by "{}", and the internal data consists of 
the key and its corresponding value . 
a. True  
b. False  
 
172.  Which of the following is not an application of image recognition services?  
a. Target Detection  
b. Smart photo album  
c. Scene analysis  
d. Speech synthesis  
 
173.  About Bayesian formula  P(WlX)=P(XlW)*P(W)/P(X) , which is the correct description?  
a.  P(WIX) is a prior probability  
b.  P(XIW) is a conditional probability  
c.  P(W) is the posterior probability  
d.  P(X) is the posterior probability  
 
174.  Which step is not part of the operation of a Python file object?  
a. open  
b. delete  
c. read  
d. write  
e. close  
 
175.  Among the following machine learning algorithms, which is not unsupervised 
learning?  
a.  Clustering  
b.  Association rules  
c. Xgboost  
d. GMM  
 
176.  Which description is wrong about the lambda function of the Python language?  
a. Lambda is just an expression, and the function  body is much simpler than def.  
b. The body of a lambda can be an expression or a block of code  
c. The lambda function can access the parameters in the global namespace.  
d. The lambda function accepts only one parameter valu e 
 
177.  TensorFlow  is an end -to-end open source platform for machine learning and deep 
learning.  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
 
178.  Deep learning algorithms can be divided into supervised learning and unsupervised 
learning.  
a. True  
b. False  
 
179.  Which of the following descriptions of Python module  is wrong ?  
a. The Python module is a Python file that ends with “.py “ and contains Python object 
definitions and Python statements.  
b. The Python module allows you to logically organize your Python code snippets.  
c.  Python modules can define functions classes and variables but the module does not 
contain executable code  
d.  Assigning relevant code to a module can make your code better and easier to 
understand.  
 
180.  Deep learning neural network training requires a lot of matrix calculations. 
Generally, we need to use hardware to enable the computer to have parallel computing 
capabilities. Which of the  following hardware devices can provide parallel computing 
capabilities ? 
a. Motherboard  
b. RAM  
c. GPU  
d. CPU  
 
181.  Artificial intelligence is a new technical science that studies and dev elops theories, 
methods and application systems for simulating, extending and extending human 
intelligence. It is one of the core research areas of machine learning.  
a. True  
b. False  
  
182.  Which of the following is not the difference between Python 2 and Python 3?  
a. print  
b. Unicode  
c. import  
d. xrange  
 
183.  Grid search is a method of parameter adjustment.  
a.  TRUE  
b.  FALSE  
 
184.  Huawei firmly believes that the value of Al is ultimately reflected in solving the 
actual business problems of the enterprise. Therefore, Huawei is firmly com mitted to the 
development of Al technology, focusing on domain solutions, focusing on basic technologies 
and enabling platforms, and working with industry practice leaders to develop industry 
solutions  
a. True  
b.  False  
 
185.  In a neural network based on connection ism, each node can express a specific 
meaning.  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
 
186.  Which  of the following  is not a Python operator?  
a.  Arithmetic operator  
b.  Reasoning operator  
c.  Logical operator  
d. Comparison operator  
 
187.  The three stages of artificial intelligence include computational intelligence, (     ) , 
Cognitive intelligence.  
a.  Weak artificial intelligence  
b.  Perceptual intelligence  
c.  Behavioural  intelligence  
d.  Strong artificial intelligence  
 
188.  Which of the following options do not belong to the scope of Huawei's full -stack 
solution ? 
a. Application enable  
b. Edge computing  
c. Open source framework  
d. Chip enable  
 
189.  The trace operation returns the sum of the diagonal elements of the matrix. 
Therefore, the trace of matrix A and its transposed matrix are equal . 
a.  True  
b.  False  
 
190.  In TensorFlow, data is represented in the form of tensors and calculation charts.  
a. True  
b. False  
 
191.  Global gradient descent algorithm, stochastic gradient descent algorithm and batch 
gradient descent algorithm are all gradient descent algorithms. Which of t he following is 
wrong about its advantages and disadvantages.  
a.  The global gradient algorithm can find the minimum value of the loss function  
b.  Batch gradient algorithm can solve the local minimum problem  
c.  Stochastic gradient algorithm can find the minimum va lue of the loss function  
d.  The convergence process of the global gradient algorithm is time -consuming  
 
192.  What of the following values are empowered  by HUAWEI HiAI ? 
a. Safety  
b.  stable  
c. real time  
d. at any time  
 
193.  Artificial intelligence is still in the weak artifici al intelligence stage.  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
 
194.  Which of the following are the elements of artificial intelligence? (Multiple choice)  
a. Algorithm  
b. Computing power  
c. Data  
d. Scene  
 
195.  If a model has a large deviation on the test set and a small variance, it means that 
the model?  
a. Overfitting  
b. May be overfitting may be underfitting  
c. Just fit  
d. Underfitting  
 
196.  As shown below, which are the following matrix A characteristic value? (Multiple 
choice)  
             A= [3−1
−13] 
 
a. 2 
b. -2 
c. -4 
d. 4 
 
197.  Information theory is a branch of applied mathematics. The main research is to 
quantify how much information a signal contains. Who is the first to propose information 
theory?  
a. Minsky  
b. Turing  
c. Simon  
d.  Shannon  
 
198.  Deep learning is different from machine learning and there are no unsupervised 
algorithms  
a. True  
b. False  
 
199.  Which of t he following descriptions about  the value k in  KNN Algorithm is correct?  
a. The larger the value, the easier the model is to overfit  
b. The large r the value, the smoother the segmentation surface of the classification  
c. k Value is a hyperparameter  
d. k Value can be set to 0  
 
200.  Which of the following is not part of the deep learning development framework?  
a. CNTK  
b. Keras  
c. SAFA  
d.  MXNet  
 
201.  Which of the followin g are the cloud services provided by Huawei Cloud El Visual 
Cognition? (Multiple choice)  
a. Text recognition  
b. Face recognition  
c. Image recognition  
d. Content detection  
e. Image processing  
 
202.  Recurrent neural networks can capture dynamic information in serialized data.  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
 
203.  Which of the following are AI Subfield?  
a. Machine learning  
b. Computer vision  
c. Speech Recognition  
d.  Natural language processing  
 
204.  From the perspective of technical architecture , the classification of  AI chips 
includes?  
a.  FPGA  
b.  CPU  
c.  GPU  
d.  ASIC  
 
205.  Which of the following aspects belong to Huawei's full stack AI solution?  
a. Ascend  
b. CANN  
c. ModelArts  
d. MindSpore  
 
206.  There are multiple models of AI servers . Which is the  one based on the Kunpeng 
processor platform ? 
a. Atlas 800 model: 9000  
b. Atlas 800 model: 3000  
c.  Atlas 800 model: 3010  
 
207.  Which of the following A I technolog ies can be integrated  into Huawei Cloud EI to 
improve efficiency  and improve experience of application  sce narios  of all walks of life?  
a.  EI Agent  
b.  OBS Object storage service  
c.  Cloud database  
d.  EI Big data service  
 
208.  In the gradient descent algorithm, which of the following algorithms is the most 
confusing algorithm for the trajectory on the loss function surface?  
a. SGD  
b. BGD  
c. MGD  
d.  MBGD  
 
209.  Which of the following activation functions are prone to vanishing gradient 
problems?  
a. ReLU  
b.  Softplus  
c. Tanh  
d. Sigmoid  
 
210.  Which is the correct description of the python function  creation ? (Multiple choice ) 
a. The function starts with the “def ” keyword followed by the function name and 
parentheses.  
b. The parameters need to be placed in parentheses  
c. The function content  starts with a colon and needs t o be indented  
d.  Return the result with return and the function ends.  
 
211.  Regarding backpropagatio n, which of  the following statement s is wrong?  
a. Backpropagation can only be used in feedforward neural networks  
b. Backpropagation passes through the activation function  
c. Back propagation refers to the back propagation of errors through the network  
d. Backpropag ation can be combined with gradient descent algorithm to update network 
weights  
 
212.  Which of the following neural networks is more suitable to solve image classification  
problem?  
a. sensor  
b. Recurrent neural network  
c. Convolutional Neural Network  
d. Fully connected neural network  
 
213.  tf.keras.datasets can be used to  view built -in data set  of keras.  
a. True  
b. False  
 
214.  Which of the following about the dictionary in Python is correct? (Multiple Choice)  
a. Each key and its corresponding value need to be separated by ":”  
b. Separate the different key -value with “,” 
c. The entire dictionary is included in the “{}”  
d. The keys of the dictionary  are unique and the data type is uniform  
 
215.  Principal Component Analysis (PCA) is a statistical method. A set of variables that 
may be related t o each other is transformed into a set of linearly related variables by 
orthogonal transformation . The converted set of variables is called the principal 
component.  
a. True  
b.  False  
 
216.  The number of hidden layers of the deep learning neural network has a certain 
impact on the performance of the network. Which of t he following statement about its 
impact is correct ? 
a.  The number of hidden layers is appropriately reduced, and the resolution ability of the 
neural network remains unchanged  
b. With the appropriate increasing of the number of hidden layers appropriately, the 
resolution ability of the neural network become stronger  
c. If the number of hidden layers is appropriately reduced, the resolution ability of the 
neural network is stronger.  
d. If the number of hidden  layers increases appropriately , the resolution ability of the 
neural network  become weaker  
 
217.  Generative confrontation networks are currently widely use d. Which of t he 
following scenarios can use this network?  
a. Data enhancement  
b. Semantic segmentation  
c. Information retrieval  
d. Image generation  
 
218.  The Python language can use multiple statements on the same line, separated by 
commas ".".  
a. True  
b.  False  
 
219.  What are the application scenarios for the break statement in the Python language? 
(Multiple Choice)  
a. Any Pyt hon statement  
b. while loop statement  
c. for loop statement  
d. Nested loop statement  
 
220.  When we describe the house, we usually use the attributes such as residential area, 
house type, decoration type, et c. If we use Naive Bayes as a model, we assume that there is 
no relationship between attributes.  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
 
221.  A linear regression model with L1 regular term  is called a Lasso regression model.  
a. True  
b. False  
 
222.  Which of the following statements  about neural networks is wrong?  
a. As the number of hidden layers of the neural network increases, the classification 
ability of the model gradually weakens  
b. The limitation of a single -layer perceptron is that it cannot solve the XOR problem  
c. The feedforward neural network can be represente d by a directed acyclic grap h 
d. There is no connection between neurons in the same layer of the feedforward neural 
network  
 
223.  With Atlas300 (3000) , w hat conditions need to be checked when the accelerator 
card server compiles and runs the program?  
a.  Atlas Driver  Installation is carried out  
b. CUDA Software package  is installed   
c. Cmake Compilation tool is installed  
d. Environment configuration  is completed  
 
224.  The commonly used loss functions in deep learning are?  
a.  L1 Loss function  
b.  Mean square error loss function  
c.  Cross entropy error loss function  
d.  Self -declining loss function  
 
225.  Among the following machine learning algorithms, which of the following is not 
unsupervised learning?  
a. GMM  
b. Xgboost  
c. Clustering  
d. Association rules  
 
226.  Loss function and model function are the same thing.  
a.  TRUE  
b.  FALSE  
 
227.  Which of the following  is not the optimization method in deep learning?  
a.  Random gradient descent  
b.  Back propagation algorithm  
c.  Principal component analysis  
d.  Momentum  
 
228.  Which tool does the HUAWEI HiAI platform support to integrat e with?  
a.  Jupyter Notebook  
b.  MyEclipse  
c.  Android Studio  
d. Spider  
 
229.  Huawei Ascend AI Chip is one of the typical representative of NPU (Neural network 
processor ). 
a. True  
b. False  
 
230.  Python regular expressions are a special sequence of characters that makes it easy 
to check if a string matches a pattern.  
a. True  
b. False  
 
231.  Which of the following statements  about the image content review service  is 
wrong ?  
a. Test results for sensitive persons involved in politics  
b. Test results for political violence  
c. Represents confidence, range 0 -100  
d. Label representing each test result   
 
232.  In TensorFlow2.0 , the method can continue to be used.  
a. TRUE  
b.  FALSE  
 
233.  The timestamps in the Python language are represented by how long (in seconds) 
elapsed from midnight (epoch) on January 1, 1970  
a. True  
b. False  
 
234.  Which of the following are the topics of speech processing research?  
a.  Speech processing  
b.  Voiceprint recognition  
c. Speech Recognition  
d. Wake up  
 
235.  The TensorFlow framework does not support Windows systems.  
a. True  
b. False  
 
236.  In the process of training the neural network, our goal is to keep the loss function 
reduced. Which of the following methods do we usually use to mini mize the loss function?  
a.  Gradient descent  
b.  Dropout  
c.  Cross -validation  
d.  Regularization  
 
237.  There can be more than one tag returned by image label service.  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
 
238.  Recurrent neural network is different from convolutional neural network . Which of 
the following problems is better to be solved by RNN  
a.  Sequence related issues  
b.  Image classification  
c.  Image detection  
d.  Recommended question  
 
239.  What are the numeric types of Python? (Multiple Choice)  
a. int (integer type)  
b. long (long integer type)  
c. float (floating  point type)  
d. complex (complex number type)  
 
240.  What are the conditions for m row n column matrix A and p row q column matrix B 
to be multiplied?  
a. m=p , n=q  
b. n=p  
c. m=n  
d. p=q  
 
241.  Which of t he following statement s about recurrent neural networks is wrong?  
a. Recurrent neural network can be unfolded according to the time axis  
b. LSTM is unable to solve the problem of vanishing gradient  
c. LSTM is also a recurrent neural network  
d. Recurrent neural network can be abbreviated as RNN  
 
242.  TensorFlow only supports Python and  R language  
a.  True  
b.  False  
 
243.  Machine Learning Service is a data mining and analytics platform service that helps 
users quickly discover data patterns and build predictive models through machine learning 
techniques and deploy them as predictive analytics solut ions . 
a. True  
b. False  
 
244.  Which of the following can optimization problem be classified according to the 
constraints? (Multiple choice)  
a. Equality constraints  
b. Inequality constraints  
c. Unconstrained conditions  
d. Semi -constrained  conditions  
 
245.  AI Chip is also called  AI Accelerators , which  are specially designed to handle a large 
number of computing tasks in artificial intelligence applications functional module.  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
 
246.  Which of the following characterises  does not belong to TensorFlow 2.0?  
a. Multi -core CPU acce lerate  
b. distributed  
c. multi -language  
d. Multi -platform  
 
247.  Functions are well -organized, non -reusable code segments used to implement a 
single, or associated Function.  
a. True  
b. False  
 
248.  Tensorflow is the second generation of artificial intelligence learning system 
developed by Google based on ( ).  
a. DistBelief  
b. PaleyFunction  
c. ConvexOne  
d. Infinity  
 
249.  Under the large -scale relationship analysis scenario, which of the following options 
does not belong to the three high demands of massive relationship processing?  
a. Efficient relationship discovery data for massive data  
b. Efficient sharing of massive data  
c. Efficient storage and access requirements for massive amounts of data  
d. High scalability and high availability requirements for relational analysis platforms  
 
250.  Which of the follo wing items are included in the results returned when the face 
search service is successfully called?  
a. Searched face similarity  
b. Searched faces id  
c. Searched face position  
d. Searched face number  
 
251.  Which of the following are AI Application areas?  
a. Wisdom education  
b. Smart City  
c. Smart home  
d. Smart medical  
 
252.  Tensorflow supports multi -TPU cluster computing  
a. True  
b. False  
 
253.  Which description is wrong about the hyperparameter?  
a. Hyperparameters  are parameters that set values before the algorithm begins learning.  
b. Most machine learning algorithms have hyperparameters.  
c. Hyperparameters cannot be modified  
d. The value of the hyperparameter is not learned by the algorithm itself.  
 
254.  According to Huawei Cloud EI Intelligent platform, which of the following solutions 
can be provided?  
a. Crowd statistics program  
b. Policy query scheme based on knowledge graph  
c. Vehicle identification scheme  
d.  Intrusion recognition scheme  
 
 
255.  Which of the following is not an artific ial intelligence school?  
a. Symbolism  
b. Statisticism  
c. Behaviourism   
d. Connectionism  
 
256.  The three  main advantages of Keras in TensorFlow 2.0  are:  
a. The interface is user -friendly  
b. Modular and combination  
c. Easy to expand  
d. None of the above  
 
257.  Which of the following options is not a tensor attribute?  
a. name (Logo)  
b. shape (Dimensionality)  
c. type (Type)  
d.  node (Node)  
 
258.  All convolution kernels of the same convolution layer in the convolutional neural 
network are weight -sharing.  
a.  TRUE  
b.  FALSE  
 
259.  Which of t he following statements about RNN Model is correct?  
a. There is no one -to-one model structure  
b. Do not consider the time direction when back propagating   
c. There is no many -to-many model structure  
d. There will be a problem of attenuation of long -term transmission and memory 
information  
 
260.  Which module does the face detection belong to  in the Huawei HiAI platform ?  
a. HiAI Engine  
b. HiAI Framework  
c. HiAI Foundation  
d. HiAI Service  
 
261.  When training the DNN , we often encounter many problems . Which of the following 
functions can be used to alleviate the problem  of vanishing gradient ?  
a. Relu function  
b. Sigmoid function  
c. tanh function  
d. Softsign function  
 
262.  Which of the following statements about passport recognition services are correct?  
a.  Country_ code:  represents the country where the passport was issued  
b.  Nationality:  represents the nationality of representative holder  
c. passport_number: represents passport number  
d. confidence: Confidence information of related fields. The greater the confidence, the 
higher the reliability of the corresponding field identified this time. In a statistical 
sense, the greater the confidence, the higher the accuracy  
 
263.  The determinant of square matrix A is a scalar.  
a. True  
b.  False  
 
264.  When using keras of TensorFlow 2.0 to bu ild a neural network with an interface, the 
network needs to be compiled. Which of the following methods should be used to compile ?  
a. compile  
b. write  
c. join  
d. fit 
 
265.  X, Y are random variables, C is a constant,  which of  the nature of the difference in 
the following options  is wrong? (Multiple choice)  
a. D(C)= 0  
b. D(X+Y)=D(X)+D(Y)  
c. D(CX)=C'C'D()()  
d. D(XY)=D(X)D (Y) 
 
266.  Which of the following description s of expectations and variances is incorrect?  
a.  Expectation reflects the average level of random variable values  
b.  The variance reflects the degree of deviation between the random variable and its 
mathematical expectation  
c. Expectation and variance are both numerical characteristics of random variables  
d. The greater the expectation the smaller the variance  
 
267.  In the deep learning neural network, the perceptron is the simplest neural network. 
The correct statement about its structure is:  
a. There are only two hidden layers  
b. Only one hidden layer  
c. Its network us es Sigmoid Activation function  
d. Its network uses Relu Activation function  
 
268.  What is the most important difference between batch gradient descent, mini -batch 
gradient descent, and stochastic gradient descent?  
a. Gradient size  
b. Gradient direction  
c. Learning rate  
d. Number of samples used  
 
 
 
 
 
269.  According to the definition of information entropy , what is the bit entropy of 
throwing a uniform coin?  
a. 0 
b. 0.5  
c. 1  
d. -1 
 
270.  Which of the following is not features of the c MindSpore core architecture?  
a.  Automatic differentiation  
b.  Automatic tuning  
c. Automatic coding  
d. Automatic parallel  
 
271.  Convolutional neural networks are more suitable for dealing with speech recognition 
problems . 
a. True  
b.  False  
  
272.  In order for a machine to be intelligent, it must be knowledgeable. Therefore, there 
is a re search field in artificial intelligence , which mainly studies how computers 
automatically acquire knowledge and skills to achieve self -improvement.  What is the branch 
of this research called?  
a.  Expert system  
b.  Machine learning  
c.  Neural Network  
d.  Natural langu age processing  
 
273.  Which of the following attributes is common in Ascend 310 and Shengteng 910 ?  
a. Maximum power  
b. Architecture  
c. Integer precision  
d. 7nm Process  
 
274.  What are the algorithms supported by Tensorflow? (Multiple Choice ) 
a.  GNN  
b.  ZNN  
c.  RNN  
d.   HUT  
 
275.  Where should the labelled data be placed in the Generative Adver sarial  Network?  
a.  As the output value of the generated model  
b.  As the input value of the discriminant model  
c.  As the output value of the discriminant model  
d.  As input value for generative model  
 
276.  Whi ch of the following description is wrong about the image recognition cloud 
service?  
a.  The service identifies specific objects such as skyscrapers, buildings, and ships.  
b. The service can also identify the sea, city, port and other scenes.  
c.  The service can pe rform semantic analysis on the content in the image to extract labels 
with specific abstract meanings  
d. The service can provide object and scene labels and can also provide more conceptual 
labels.  
 
277.  Which of the following is not a specific technology of arti ficial intelligence?  
a. Knowledge map  
b. Machine translation  
c. Riemann geometry  
d. Semantic understanding  
 
278.  HiAI Mobile computing platform provides rich upper -level functional services API, 
which c an run efficiently on mobile devices.  
a. TRUE  
b.  FALSE  
 
279.  In the deep learning network, the backpropagation algorithm is used to find the 
optimal parameters. What rules are used in the backpropagation algorithm to obtain the 
derivation layer by layer?  
a. Chain rule  
b. Cumulative rule  
c. Law of reciprocity  
d. Rule of Norm alization  
 
280.  Which of the following descriptions about the Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) is 
correct?  
a. Can be used to process sequence data.  
b. Cannot process variable length sequence data.  
c. Unlike convolutional neural networks , parameters of RNN cannot be shared  
d. The units above the hidden layer are not associated with each other.  
 
281.  Which of the following capabilities does the genetic knowledge map have?  
a. Auxiliary case diagnosis  
b. Disease prediction and diagnosis  
c. Gene test report generation  
d. Entity query  
 
282.  What research areas does artificial intelligence have? (Multiple choice)  
a. Natural language processing  
b. Computer Vision  
c. Machine learning  
d. Speech recognition  
 
283.  The Python language can use the "#" at the beginning of  a single line of code f or 
comments .  
a. True  
b. False  
 
284.  When the universal text recognition service is successfully called, the returned text 
recognition result is stored in which of the following fields?  
a. text  
b. result  
c. content  
d. words  
 
285.  The following options bel ong to keras under estimator .  The encapsulation methods 
are?  
a. Assessment  
b. training  
c. prediction  
d. Output model  
 
286.  What are the regularizations in deep learning? (Multiple Choice)  
a.  L1 norm, L2 norm  
b.  Dataset enhancement  
c.  Integration method  
d.  Dropout  
 
287.  Which of the following description about Python regular expression is not correct?  
a. Python has added th ree  regular expression module since version 1.5.  
b. Regular expression module gives the Python language all the regular expression 
functionality.  
c. Regular expressions are powerful tools for working with strings.  
d. Regular expressions can only process string data not numeric data  
 
288.  The for loop statement in the Python language can iterate th rough the items in any 
sequence . 
a.  True  
b.  False  
 
289.  The following applicati ons that are not part of the adversarial generation network 
are?  
a. Text generation  
b. Image generation  
c. Image Identification  
d. Data enhancement  
 
290.  Regarding the face search service, which of the following statements are correct?  
a. When there is no face set, you need to create a face set first, then add face data, and 
then search  
b. The size of a face set cannot exceed 10000 Pictures  
c.  There is a dedicated interface to delete the specified face set  
d.  There is a dedicated interface to delete the face data in a certain face set  
 
291.  GPU  is g ood at computationally intensive and easy to parallel programs.  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
 
292.  Which of the following options may be used in calling Huawei cloud services?  
a. ak  
b. region  
c. pro ject_id  
d.  sk 
 
293.  The matrix produced by the exchange of matrix A rows and columns is called th e 
transpose of A . What are the correct properties of matrix transposition? (Multiple Choice)  
a. (AT ) T = A  
b. (A+ B) T = AT +BT  
c. (!EA) T = !EAT  
d.  (AB ) T = AT +BT  
 
294.  The activation function plays an important role in the neural network model learning 
and understanding of very complex problems. Which of the following statement s about the 
activation function is correct.  
a. Activation functions are linear functions  
b. Activat ion functions are non -linear functions  
c. The activation function is partly a nonlinear function, partly a linear function  
d. Most of the activation functions are nonlinear functions, and a few are linear functions  
 
295.  Which of the following is not included in th e recurrent neural network application  
scenario?  
a. Machine translation  
b. Speech recognition  
c.  Image style migration  
d.  Text generation  
 
296.  Which of the following options is not a reason for traditional machine learning 
algorithms to  promote the development of deep  learning?  
a. Dimensional disaster  
b.  local invariance and smooth regularization  
c.  Manifold learning  
d.  Feature Engineering  
 
297.  Which of the following is not a face recognition technology?  
a.  Face search  
b.  Face comparison  
c.  Face detection  
d.  Remake recognition  
298.  Which of the following evaluation indicators belong s to the regression algorithm?  
a.   Recall rate  
b.   Confusion matrix  
c.  Mean square error  
d.   Accuracy  
 
299.  Which of the following is an image label service URI?  
a. /v1.0/image/recognition  
b.  /v1.0/image/celebrity -recog nition  
c. /v1.0/image/recapture -detect  
d. /v1.0/image/tagging  
 
300.  What are the Python language data types? (Multiple Choice)  
a.  numbers  
b.  String  
c.  list  
d. tuple  
e. dictionary  
 
301.  Which of the following data types does Tensorflow not support?  
a. int8  
b. float32  
c. double64  
d. bool ean  
 
302.  Which of the following is not a module in the Tensorflow library?  
a.  tf.nn  
b. tf. layers  
c. tf boost  
d.  tf.contrib  
 
303.  Which is wrong with the Python module time introduction method?  
a. import time  
b. from time import *  
c. import time as t  
d. from time  
 
304.  Which company l aunched Pytorch  first?  
a. Baidu  
b. Google  
c. Facebook  
d. Huawei  
 
305.  What processor is used for  Altas AI  inference?  
a. Different 910 processor  
b. Different 310 processor  
c.  GPU  
d.  FPGA  
 
306.  Which of the following options is not part of the  Tensorflow build process?  
a. Building a calculation chart  
b. Input tensor  
c.  Generate a session  
d.  Update weights  
 
307.  The fitted surface of linear regression in the dimension above 3 is:  
a. Curved surface  
b. Flat  
c. Hyperplane  
d. Hypersurface  
 
308.  Which of the following products is related to artificial intelligence? (Multiple Choice)  
a. Alpha Go  
b. Self -driving  
c. Voice input  
d.  Huawei Mate mobile phone  
 
309.  Which of the following operators is not supported in TensorFlow 2.0?  
a. pow  
b.  @  
c. ^  
d. // 
 
310.  Which of the  attri butes for dimensional transformation are  not supported in 
TensorFlow2.0?  
a. squeeze  
b. reshape  
c. gather  
d. transpose  
 
311.  Which of the following options is not supported in TensorFLow2.0 for dimensional 
transformation  
a.   squeeze  
b.   reshape  
c.   gather  
d.   Transpose  
 
312.  Which descriptions are correct about python's index? (Multiple Choice)  
a.  Index from left to right defaults from 0  
b.  Index from left to right defaults from 1  
c.  Index from right lo left defaults from -1  
d.  Index from right to left defaults from 0  
 
313.  The following code  is used when compiling the model:model.compile  
(optimizer='Adam,loss='categorical.crossentropy',metrics=[tf.keras.metri cs.accuracy]) . 
Which of the following indicators will be output  when the metho d evaluate is used to 
evaluates the model ?  
a.  accuracy  
b.  cat egorical_ loss  
c.  loss  
d.  categorical accuracy  
 
314.  Which of the following basic platform services are included in Huawei Cloud El 
Enterprise Intelligence? (Multiple Choice)  
a.  Machine learning  
b.  Deep learning  
c. Graph engine  
d. Batch processing  
 
315.  Which of the following operating systems  does not support TensorFlow?   
a. Linux  
b. Mac OS  
c. Docker  
d. OpenStack  
 
316.  The Python language does not allow embedding another loop body in a loop body .  
a. True  
b. False  
 
317.  An e -commerce company has always had problems with official website stalls, poor 
utilization of network resources, and difficulty in operation and maintenance. Which of the 
following EI services can the company use?  
a. Park Agent  
b. Traffic Agent  
c. Network Agent  
d. Industrial Agent  
 
318.  Artificial intelligence is current ly suitable for scenarios with a known environment, 
clear obj ectives, and predictable action . Deep learning is used in the fields of image 
recognition, speech recognition, translation, etc.  Artificial Intelligence basically has human 
recognition ability, even surpassing human beings.  Based on these capabilities. It has been 
applied to many scenes such as medical care and public safety. However, there is still a lack 
of reasoning and cognition.  
a.  True  
b.  False  
 
319.  Regularization is an important and effective technique for reducing generalization 
errors in traditional machine learning. Which of the  following techniques are regular ?  
a.  L1 Regularization  
b.  L2 Regularization  
c.  Dropout  
d. Momentum optimizer  
 
320.  The mechanism o f graphs and conversations has been cancelled in  TensorFlow2.0.  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
 
321.  What are the common types of dirty data?  
a. Malformed value  
b. Duplicate value  
c. Logically wrong value  
d. Missing value  
 
322.  Which is not a deep learning algorithm?  
a.  Generative Adversarial Network  
b.  Convolutional neural networks  
c.  Recurrent neural networks  
d.  Support vector machine  
 
323.  In TensorF1ow2.0, w hich of the following methods can be used to check if it is a 
tensor?  
a. dtype  
b. isinstance  
c. is_tensor  
d. device  
 
324.  If scalar k  is multiplied by matrix A, the result equals to each of the numbers in A  is 
multiplied by k .  
a. True  
b. False  
 
325.  Feature is the dimension that describes the characteristics of the sample. Regarding 
its interpretability in traditional machine learning and deep learning, which of the following 
statement is correct?  
a. Features are interpretable in traditional machine learning, but weak in deep learning  
b. Features are weak in traditional machine learning, but strong in deep learning  
c. Features are weak in interpretabili ty in traditional machine learning and deep learning  
d. Features are interpretable in traditional machine learning and deep learning  
 
326.  Which of the following features does Python support? (Multiple choice)  
a. inheritance  
b. Heavy load  
c. Derived  
d. Multiple inheritance  
 
 
327.  What of the following networks belong to convolutional neural network (CNN)? 
(Multiple Choice)  
a. VGGNet  
b. ResNet  
c. AlexNet  
d. GoogleNet  
 
328.  Cyclic  neural networks are more suitable for dealing with image recognition 
problems.  
a. True  
b. False  
 
329.  Which of t he following does the convolutional neural network structure not include?  
a. Convolutional layer  
b. Pooling layer  
c. Loop layer  
d. Fully connected layer  
 
330.  Regarding the convolutional neural network pooling layer,  which of  the f ollowing 
description is correct ?  
a. Pooling operation is realized by scanning window  
b. The pooling layer can play a role in dimensionality reduction  
c.  Commonly used pooling methods include maximum pooling and average pooling  
d.  The pooled feature image becomes smaller  
 
331.  What is wrong description of backpropagation?  
a. The learning process o f the backpropagation algorithm consists of a forward 
propagation process and a back -propagation process.  
b.  The backpropagation algorithm is a learning algorithm suitable for multi -layer neural 
networks, which is b ased on the gradient descent method  
c. The backpropagation phase sends training inputs to the network to obtain an stimuli 
response  
d. The backpropagation process will repeat until the response of the network to the input 
reaches the predetermined target range . 
 
332.  Which of the following statements are correct about the difference between 
machine learning algorithms and traditional rule -based methods?  
a. Traditional rule -based methods, in which the rules can be explicitly clarified manually  
b. Traditional rule -based me thods use explicit programming to solve problems  
c. The mapping relationship of the model in machine learning is automatically learned  
d. The mapping relationship of the model in the machine learning institute must be 
implicit  
 
333.  Regarding backpropagation, which of the following statements is wrong?  
a. Backpropagation can only be used in feedforward neural networks  
b. Backpropagation can be combined with gradient descent algorithm to update network 
weights  
c. Backpropagation passes throu gh the activation function  
d. Back propagation refers to the back propagation of errors through the network  
 
334.  The image data of the passport recognition service is needed to be base64 Coded.  
a. True  
b. Fals e 
 
335.  When dealing with actual situations as below, when shoul d machine learning be 
used?  
a. The data distribution itself changes over time, requiring continuous re -adaptation of 
the program, such as predicting the trend of merchandise sales  
b. The complexity of the rules is low, and the problem is small  
c. Task rules will change over time, such as defect detection on the production line  
d. The rules are very complicated or cannot be described, such as face recognition and 
voice recognition  
 
336.  The Python list can be identified by '[]", and the default index of the first element 
from left to right is 1.  
a. True  
b. False  
 
337.  Which command can be checked whether the accelerator card is in place in  Atlas 
300 (3000) ?  
a. 1spci | grep'npu'  
b. 1spci | grep'd100'  
c. 1spci grep'atlas'  
d. atlas info  
 
338.  Which of the following steps in deep learning are automatically completed by the 
model?  
a. Model training  
b. Feature selection  
c. Analysis and positioning task  
d. Feature extraction  
 
339.  HUAWEI CLOUD EI enable more use of AI And big dat a services to accelerate 
business development and benefit society. Which of the following areas can benefit from 
using HUAWEI CLOUD EI service?  
a. Industry data  
b. Industry wisdom  
c. algorithm  
d. Computing power  
 
340.  In a neural network, knowing the weight and deviations of each neuron is the most 
important step. If you know the exact weights and deviations of neurons in some way, you 
can  approximate any function. What is the best way to achieve this?  
a.  Random assignment, pray that they are correct  
b. Search for a combin ation of weight and deviation until the best value is obtained  
c. Assign an initial value to iteratively update weight by checking the difference 
between the best value and the initial  
d. The above is not correct  
 
341.  What are the commonly used gradient desc ent optimization functions? (Multiple 
Choice)  
a. Random gradient descent  
b. Adadelta  
c. Adagrad  
d. momentum  
e. RMSProp  
 
342.  Huawei Machine learning Service MLS is a one -stop platform that supports the 
entire process of data analysis. Which of the following is not a fea ture of MLS?  
a. A rich library of machine learning algorithms.  
b. Machine learning program is intuitive and easy to use.  
c. Distributed and scalable big data computing engine.  
d. Support for the R language but does not support the Python language  
 
343.  When comparing G BDT with the random forest algorithm, which of the following 
statements is wrong?  
a. GBDT Algorithm is easier to underfit than random forest  
b. Random forest is calculated in parallel, while GBDT Can't  
c. GBDT Algorithm is easier to overfit than random forest  
d. GBDT And random forest are built on CART Based on the tree  
 
344.  What  are the results returned by if conditional statements in the Python language? 
(Multiple choice)  
a. True  
b. 0  
c. FALSE  
d. Null 
 
345.  CPUs improve AI performance  mainly through increasing instructions, increasing the 
number of cores, etc .  
a. TRUE  
b. FALSE  
 
346.  The time interv al in the Python language is a fl oating -point fraction in seconds  
a. True  
b.  False  
 
347.  Self -encoder is an unsupervised learning algorithm  
a. True  
b. False  
 
348.  Among the machine learning algorithms, which of the following is not an integrated 
learning strategy?  
a. Boosting  
b. Stacking  
c. Bagging  
d. Marking  
 
349.  AI Chips used in business applications can be classified as  
a. training  
b. GPU  
c. Model building  
d. Reasoning  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
